Policy updates (#226)
astropy/astropy-project: policies/coco-operating-policies.md

each time CoCo membership changes. There is a strong expectation of privacy and
messages should not be shared without express permission of the sender.

## GitHub Privileges 

> CoCo members typically have owner priviliges of the Astropy organization, but it is not mandatory. The accounts which have owner priviliges must have two-factor authentication enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoCo members typically have owner privileges of the Astropy organization, but it is not mandatory. The accounts which have owner privilieges must have two-factor authentication enabled. 
```

## GitHub Privileges 

> CoCo members typically have owner privileges of the Astropy organization, but it is not mandatory. The accounts which have owner privilieges must have two-factor authentication enabled. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CoCo members typically have owner privileges of the Astropy organization, but it is not mandatory. The accounts which have owner privileges must have two-factor authentication enabled. 
```
